[Goku (Ginyu's Body):
painful muttering]
[Ginyu (Goku's Body):
small pleased laughter]
[Goku (Ginyu's Body)] Why... Why
am I... Why am I over there?
This can't be... real...
[Ginyu (Goku's Body)] Pretty
spectacular trick, huh...?
I've swapped our bodies!
But how...? You... You...
[Jeice] Captain Ginyu, sir...
You'll be wanting this back.
Good... Now, let's
head to the spaceship...
Lord Frieza's
probably waiting for us.
Right.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[Ginyu (Goku's Body): laughing]
This body's much
faster than my old one!
[Goku (Ginyu's Body):
shuddering]
This is bad. I can
barely even move.
No way I could have
seen this coming...
But I guess now I know why
he decided to injure himself.
[shocked yelling]
Wait! The others...!
I've got to warn them!
If Gohan and Krillin
run into those two,
they won't know it's
not me in my body!
Okay, so...
Not only am I unfamiliar
with this guy's body,
it's basically damaged
goods at this point.
[Goku thinking]
On top of that,
even if by some miracle
I do make it back to Earth,
Chi-Chi's going to have a fit
when she sees
me in this thing...
Of all the faces
to get stuck with...
What am I
going to do now?
Well, looks like Frieza
has stepped out for a bit...
Huh?
Ahh!
Aahh!
What the...?
[small laugh]
[Ginyu (Goku's Body):
laughing]
A hundred-eighty
thousand power level's
not too shabby, I'd say!
Still... I think the old face
was definitely a lot
more photogenic...
Right?
Oh,
without a doubt, sir.
I-I have
to hurry it up... or...
or Gohan and Krillin
are going to be done for.
But which way...?
Over there... I think...
Whoa!
[frog ribbit]
[Goku thinking] I'm
never gonna get there
if I can't even keep my
balance in this thing...
[Vegeta]
The game is up, Frieza...
If Ginyu stayed behind
earlier during that whole mess
it can only mean the Dragon
Balls are still here somewhere.
If that's the case, it's
only a matter of time
before the
Earthlings find them
with that device of theirs...
They'll be here before long;
you can count on that...
Best swap out
this busted armor
for something a bit
sturdier while I can.
[thinking] I have to say:
whatever was in that medicine
Kakarot gave me,
it sure did the trick.
My wounds are healed and my
strength is fully restored.
Not bad at all.
Doh! Terrific. They've only got
the older model in my size.
[beeping]
Krillin look...
Over there.
That's the ship... That's
gotta be where they are, right?
[laughing]
And here they come...
I'd better disguise my power
the way the runts always do...
Wouldn't want them
to think the ship
is anything but completely
deserted, now would we?
[beeping]
It doesn't look
like anyone's here...
Best strike while
the iron's hot!
Krillin, wait! Hold on.
Looks like...
they're not on the ship...
If I'm reading this right,
the signal's coming from
somewhere just outside.
[Krillin]
Can you pinpoint them?
[Gohan]
Well, let's see...
[beeping]
Right here...
This is where the
radar's pointing.
Ah... And it looks like the
ground's been freshly dug up...
They must've buried
'em here to hide 'em.
Well,
feel like getting dirty?
'kay!
[laughing]
Look...!
There's one right here!
[Gohan] Hey, here's
another one!
We've hit the
mother lode, Gohan!
We did it! We found
all seven Dragon Balls!
[Vegeta thinking] those
Ginyu Force idiots
call that a hiding place?
[laughing]
We've got 'em...!
Every last one!
[Vegeta thinking] Yes, yes...
job well done, maggots.
Now hurry up and summon this
Shenron thing,
so I can dispose of you.
I haven't come this
close to eternal life
only to have it slip
through my fingers again...
[Krillin and Gohan laughing]
Yeah!
[laughing]
Well. This is it.
We can finally bring Piccolo
and the others back now,
just like we
promised we would.
[Vegeta thinking] Come on!
Summon it already!
Right... Here goes...
This is the moment
we've been waiting for...
So let's do what we
came here to do...
Bet the dragon
here is huge...
What do you say we find out?
Yeah.
We've collected all seven!
I summon you, Shenron!
Come forth and grant us our
wish! [laughing maniacally]
[Vegeta thinking]
You mean that's really
all there is to it?!
[Krillin and Gohan laughing]
[Vegeta thinking]
Okay, now what?
Something's supposed
to happen, right?
So where the hell
is this Shenron?!
[laughter dying]
Okay... so...
What is he waiting for?
This is the part where he
comes whooshing out, isn't it?!
[Gohan] Maybe the
words are different for these.
Try something else!
Uh, "Shenron, appear!...
[Vegeta thinking] Oh, you can't
be serious. These morons don't
even know what they're doing!
How about "Please
come out, Shenron!"?
Well this is awkward...
Krillin, do you sense that?
Someone's headed right for us!
[Krillin]
You're right...
And there's more than
just one of 'em...
You think it's those
Ginyu Force bruisers?
I hope not. That would
mean they beat Dad, right?
[Vegeta thinking] More
trouble... Just what I need.
They're coming into focus...
And they're not good...
It is those two!
But Goku was so much
stronger than they were!
Mask your energy, Gohan!
We've gotta take cover!
Right!
[Jeice] Sir...
The Dragon Balls
have been dug up...
[Ginyu (Goku's Body)]
So they have...
Strange... How could anyone
have known they were here?
[laughing]
[Krillin]
Hey! Whew...! Man...!
You really gave us a scare...!
We thought you were
that Captain Ginyu creep,
can you believe that?
We even hid...
So from the looks of things
you not only defeated the guy,
but you convinced his
partner to join our side...
Sure sure... Whatever you
say, kid... Why not...
So you dug up
the Dragon Balls?
Well... we're not
completely useless, y'know...
Once we got the radar,
finding where they were
was no problem at all...
Wait, you've got a radar?
So, we hid them for nothing.
You didn't actually manage
to make a wish, did you?
That's just it...
We couldn't get 'em to work.
We tried summoning the
dragon the way we do on Earth,
but I guess the way
you do it here is different,
'cause he was
a total no-show.
Ah, good...
I was worried there.
Wait, what...?
I just said we couldn't
get them to work...
Why are you acting so weird?
You don't seem like you...
And what's with the
whole "scouter" thing
you got going on?
You trying to make some kind
of freaky fashion statement?
Not exactly.
Get out of there!
Whoever that is, it's not Dad!
Hurry, Krillin!
Run away!
Huh. Another one just
like our old friend! Crafty!
He likes to keep his true
power level concealed.
Apparently, their kind can push
it all the way down to zero
if they need to.
[Krillin] Hey...
What's the big idea Goku?
[Gohan]
It's not really him, Krillin!
That's what I'm
trying to tell you!
Huh?
But... How could
he not be Goku?
I mean look at him...
Who the heck
else could he be?!
I... I don't know...
But... that's not my
dad, I'm sure of it.
[Laughter]
You see right
through me, kid...
This body was much stronger
than my old one, so I traded up.
You did what?!!
[Vegeta thinking]
That bastard switched bodies.
And now...
It's the Ginyu Force
Red Magma... Jeice.
And last but not least...!
It's the leader of
the Ginyu Force!
The one and only
Captain Ginyu!
You stole Goku's
body from him...?
How is that even possible?!
[Ginyu]
Even if I explained,
I doubt you could wrap
your minds around it...
So instead...
I think I'll try
putting this hundred-eighty
thousand power level to use.
Wait! No...!
Please don't...!
You've gotta snap
out of this, Goku.
You're being controlled!
Like from hypnosis
or something!
[Vegeta thinking] Whether
he's actually swapped bodies
or is using some
kind of mind control,
the fact remains that
Kakarot's strength
belongs to Ginyu now...
Dammit... our situation's
just gone from bad to worse.
[Goku (Ginyu's Body)] This is
bad... I can't even sense
anyone's energy
in this stupid body...
Hold on a sec...
That's it...!
If I'm having such a hard
time adjusting to his body...
then he probably
hasn't had enough time
to get used to
mine yet, either!
[Ginyu (Goku's body)] C'mon, I'm
just gettin' warmed up...!
You think this is brutal--
wait 'til I've cranked this
body up to its full potential!
[beeping]
[Jeice]
Captain Ginyu...!
Looks like we've got some
company on the way, sir.
[Goku]
There you are!
[Ginyu] And here I thought
you'd be out of commission.
If that's the worst
damage I can do to myself,
I was right to change.
Krillin! Gohan!
Listen carefully!
That looks like
me, but it's not!
Our bodies have been switched!
Y-You mean
he's telling the truth?!
But... That means...
You're my Dad!
[Ginyu's voice] Woo-hoo...!
Ah, that's the stuff!
Y-You can't be...
You just can't!
Gohan! Listen...!
That guy up
there really is Ginyu!
But he's not as
strong as he was!
If you two team up, there's
no way he can beat you!
Give him
everything you've got!
[Krillin]
What are talking about?
Have you lost your mind too?!
[Ginyu] No way I can
beat them, is there?
Need I remind you
how strong this body is?
We're talking a hundred-eighty
thousand power level here!
I'll slaughter 'em!
Well... Only one
way to find out, huh?
See, that's still...
my body...
And just because you're in
it... well that doesn't mean
you've figured out
how to control it yet...
Unless your mind and
body are totally in sync,
you won't get much
power out of it...
and forget the Kaio-ken!
You really think
such an obvious bluff
is gonna have
any effect on me...?
If there's only one
way to find out, let's do it!
Jeice!
Sir!
[beeping]
[Powering up yell]
[Laughing]
Have a look...!
Tell our friends how high
my power level is now!
[beeping]
I-It's only at
twenty-three thousand...
What?!
Stop mumbling! Speak up!
It's... Well...
Twenty-three thousand, Sir!
[laughing]
That's right!
You hear that...?!
A whopping
twenty-three thousand!
How's that for power?!
Wait, what?
That...
that's what it says...
[Ginyu]
Twenty-three thousand...?
But that's ridiculous;
how could it be that low?
It's like I was
trying to tell you...
You need to be in tune
with your body's energy
before you can push
it to its full potential,
and that takes a
lot of training!
Krillin! Gohan!
Show this
poser what I mean!
[yelling]
Dammit!
This shouldn't be happening!
It's true...! This guy
may have Goku's body,
but he sure as hell doesn't have
his strength! Let's do this...
Right!
Now, Gohan!
Do something!
It's... Dad...
Gohan! What the heck
were you waiting for?
I-I'm sorry...
But he looks like Dad.
I couldn't bring myself
to actually try to hit him,
you know?
Trust me, I get it...
Goku's my best friend; the last
person I'd ever wanna fight...
But... you're just gonna
have to focus on the fact
that it's really
Ginyu in there... Okay?
[Goku thinking]
Come on, guys...
Kay... I think I'm ready...
Right.
[Ginyu] Jeice!
Am I alone in this...?!
Feel free to jump in any time!
Right...! Coming!
[Vegeta]
Not so fast...
I'm afraid you're going to
have to get through me first.
[Goku thinking]
Vegeta...
You little punk!
If that's all you've got...
I almost feel sorry for you!
This... can't be...!
This body has got
a one hundred eighty thousand
power level I've seen it!
[Krillin] I'm guessing
you're not a very
good listener, are you?
Face it... your
mind and that body
have no chance
of being in sync.
You might as well surrender
while you still have
some pride left.
Me...?
Surrender...?
The one-and-only
Captain Ginyu?
You're out of your mind!
You little...!
[Jeice] You've got more
nerve than you do brains...
challenging me at
your power level!
That's right...
keep talking big.
How did you manage to
creep in under the radar?
Our scouters should've
been able to scope you out
from the other
side of the planet!
Anyone ever tell you,
you fools
put way too much stock in
those silly little gadgets?
I'd think fighting
these Earthlings
would have taught
you that by now.
Of course, since
you're about to die,
I'd say it's a moot point!
Don't get cocky, Vegeta!
I'm still a member
of the Ginyu Force...
the greatest team of fighters
this universe has ever seen!
No halfwit space gorilla is
gonna get the best of me!
[Vegeta Laughing]
So transparent, Jeice.
Tough as you sound,
a novice could detect the
twinge of fear in your voice.
What?!
I'm stronger than you think...
Take a look
at your precious scouter
if you don't believe me.
Oh, sure-- One look
at your power level
and I'll run away
screaming like a little girl!
[beeping]
Wha... What the...?
Ah, piece of junk!
[Vegeta]
Oh, it's not malfunctioning.
You... bastard!
You see, each time I've
crawled back from the brink,
I've grown more powerful--
to the point that I scarcely
know my own strength anymore.
And at this rate-- there's
no limit to how strong
I can become...
I belong to an
elite warrior class;
I represent the
pinnacle of my race...
And at last, it seems I'm truly
discovering what that means.
I'm becoming a Super Saiyan.
You expect me to believe that?!
[laughing]
The old legends speak
of the Super Saiyans'
ruthlessness and unquenchable
thirst for battle!
This is where I hold
the edge over Kakarot--
he's not the stone
cold monster I am!
No... You... You Lie!
Please, spare me!
I beg--
[explosion]
[Narrator] Is Vegeta truly
becoming a Super Saiyan?
Can Goku regain his
body from Captain Ginyu?
Find out, next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
That's enough, Vegeta!
You're going to destroy my
body if you keep this up!
[Ginyu] If this body
refuses to cooperate,
I'll just hop around
'til I find one that will!
Who needs immortality
when you can do this?
Whatever that creep's got up
my sleeve, I don't like it...
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Ginyu] Just you wait!
I'll be someone else
in the blink of an eye!